# Statement of Disclaimer #

We live in an increasingly letigious world due to a complex of arrising factors in the Human Condition. Though the xxx subsume elements of disclaimation, I feel and it is my considered opinion, that have an express and dedicated Statement of Disclaimer, is best practice and foregrounds transparency and sovereignty for all parties and stakeholders in a 360 degrees purview. I feel, this should be understood to champion the integrity of this REPOSITORY and its contents, not abscond from responsibility for its production, publication and dissemination.

By using this xxx repository (hereafter as referred to the "REPOSITORY"), you (hereafter referred to as the "User") signify your agreement to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to all of these Terms and Conditions of use, do not use the REPOSITORY!

The use of the REPOSITORY and suggested workouts, exercise routines, nutritional suggestions, or other suggestions is at your own risk. In no event shall the REPOSITORY, its author(s), contributor(s), editor(s), illustrator(s), artist(s), its supplier(s), or affiliates, and/or any third parties mentioned in the REPOSITORY be liable for any damages in the future including, but not limited to, heart attacks, muscle strains, pulls or tears, neck, back, shoulder, elbow, wrist, hand, finger, and/or hip injuries, and other illness/disease, or injury/damage (mental, physical, financial), however caused, occurring during or after altering any personal nutritional/fitness/lifestyle habits or actions. The REPOSITORY and all parties who have contributed to its contents, do not assume any responsibility for any aspect of healthcare administered with the aid of content available in the REPOSITORY. User understands that any and all advice/programs concerning exercise not done under supervision of a qualified practitioner, adept, trainer and nutrition is for educational purposes only. User understands nutritional advice is not intended as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. User has been advised to seek medical advice from a physician and healthcare professional before altering their nutritional daily diet or beginning an exercise program.

